dangerous today we're revealing candy
yeah yeah yeah and she is a part of the
way to Wonderland yes kittichai shares a
daughter the Cheshire Cat and if you
guys know us at all you probably know
that we've been looking for forever so
we haven't been able to find I know we
haven't been able to find their original
could eat rush i er but this will
totally do so yanas what do you think of
her she's still there dad yeah the joke
was a real quick can you make her
straight so i can zoom in on her there
we go ok no not yet so they but ok guys
here's her up close she's so adorable
chase I'm just gonna get attention so
cutely ok Jace is gonna open her up ok
we got around the box yes let me show
you her accessory so she comes with this
clock and I'm this opens up and closes
its really cute it's like a stopwatch
kind of yeah and then like she can't
hold a three letters or I'm all hoping
she comes with a stand hmm how he didn't
know Senate know we have four see
co-create at hurt a secret key precisely
a brush can you believe it yes secret I
like her because she has those years and
it also she has a tail will you turn her
around so we can see her tail she was a
tail and it's attached to her so
adorable don't tell about your tongue
why kitty I'm i keep my tail a script
when I have to know on the kitty so what
do you guys think of her do you love her
um I love her outfit seriously I'm not
gonna lie I think it might be one of the
best ya ever after high outfit I think
I've ever seen do love her office
seriously yes cuz look at her jewellery
actor I know the skirt is perfect color
the shirt is perfect they aren't the
same pattern but they go to go perfectly
ah it's a dress oh sorry the dress
the top of the dress said she's so cute
i love her tears her kitty ears I like
the game streak through her hair too
ambitious I know her she's are adorable
what zoomin on your shoes girlie k you
dude love um ok well we love her so much
you guys if you like her please give us
a big thumbs up and let us know who your
favorite ever after high doll is and ya
guys so what do you think Daisy I think
it's crazy man he ain't got to walk in
my god
yeah bye guys if you like this video
gives a thumbs up and don't forget to
subscribe bye guys
you